ps.age.hbb.ExtraActivity
ps.age.hbb.ExtraActivity: ExtraActivity()
ps.age.hbb.HBBActivity
ps.age.hbb.HBBActivity: HBBActivity()
ps.age.hbb.HelpActivity
ps.age.hbb.HelpActivity: HelpActivity()
ps.age.hbb.ListActivity
ps.age.hbb.ListActivity: ListActivity()
ps.age.hbb.MainActivity
ps.age.hbb.MainActivity: MainActivity()
ps.age.hbb.NoteActivity
ps.age.hbb.NoteActivity: NoteActivity()
ps.age.hbb.R$array: int primary_array
ps.age.hbb.R$drawable: int background_marks
ps.age.hbb.R$drawable: int background_nomarks
ps.age.hbb.R$drawable: int background_uploaded
ps.age.hbb.R$drawable: int blackbutton
ps.age.hbb.R$drawable: int border
ps.age.hbb.R$drawable: int dialogbackground
ps.age.hbb.R$drawable: int ic_home
ps.age.hbb.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
ps.age.hbb.R$drawable: int list_header_background
ps.age.hbb.R$drawable: int mark1
ps.age.hbb.R$drawable: int mark2
ps.age.hbb.R$drawable: int mark3
ps.age.hbb.R$drawable: int mark4
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int TextView01
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int TextView02
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int alive_toggle
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int back
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int button_negative
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int button_positive
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int button_save
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int clear
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int cry_1
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int cry_2
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int cry_3
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int delete
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int dialog_extra
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int dialog_title
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int elapsedTime_Value
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int elapsedTime_lable
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int form_textView
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int helpButton
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int id_editText
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int item_marks
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int item_title
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int items_list
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int listButton
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int mark1
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int mark1_time
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int mark2
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int mark2_time
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int mark3
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int mark3_time
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int mark4
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int mark4_time
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int note
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int other_editText
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int play
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int primary_spinner
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int problem_editText
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int radioCry
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int radioVentilation
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int recordButton
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int remainingTime_Value
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int remainingTime_lable
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int scrollView1
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int seekBar_player
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int sync
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int systemTime_Value
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int systemTime_lable
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int tableLayout
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int textView1
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int textView2
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int textView3
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int textView4
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int time_current
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int time_end
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int time_start
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int ventilation_1
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int ventilation_2
ps.age.hbb.R$id: int ventilation_3
ps.age.hbb.R$layout: int extra
ps.age.hbb.R$layout: int hbb
ps.age.hbb.R$layout: int help
ps.age.hbb.R$layout: int hpp_dialog
ps.age.hbb.R$layout: int list
ps.age.hbb.R$layout: int list_item
ps.age.hbb.R$layout: int main
ps.age.hbb.R$layout: int note
ps.age.hbb.R$layout: int record
ps.age.hbb.R$menu: int list_menu
ps.age.hbb.R$menu: int review_menu
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int alive
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int alive_lable
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int app_name
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int button_record
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int button_stop
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int clear
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int clearDialog_extra
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int clearDialog_negative
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int clearDialog_positive
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int clearDialog_title
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int cry1
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int cry2
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int cry3
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int cry_lable
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int dead
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int delete
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int deleteDialog_extra
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int deleteDialog_negative
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int deleteDialog_positive
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int deleteDialog_title
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int error
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int error_noData
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int error_sdcard
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int extra
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int hbb
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int help
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int home
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int id_lable
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int initial
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int main_help
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int main_list
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int main_record
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int main_review
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int noteDialog_extra
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int noteDialog_negative
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int noteDialog_positive
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int noteDialog_title
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int note_save
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int note_title
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int other_lable
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int primary_lable
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int problem_lable
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int progress_loadItems
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int progress_uploadItems
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int review_form
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int saveDialog_extra
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int saveDialog_negative
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int saveDialog_positive
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int saveDialog_title
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int time_elapsed
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int time_now
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int time_remaining
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int totalMarks
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int url
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int ventilation1
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int ventilation2
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int ventilation3
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int ventilation_lable
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int webResponse_parsing_error
ps.age.hbb.R$string: int webResponse_protocol_error
ps.age.hbb.R$style: int ButtonStyle
ps.age.hbb.R$style: int Dialog
ps.age.hbb.RecordActivity
ps.age.hbb.RecordActivity: RecordActivity()
